d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ProjectXXX.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ProjectXXX.pdb
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.dll
d:\users\шурик\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.pdb
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ProjectXXX.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ProjectXXX.pdb
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.dll
D:\Users\Шурик\Documents\GitHub\Events\Events\ProjectXXX\ProjectXXX\obj\Debug\ProjectXXX.pdb
